{changeScene: Brain Sucking Chair side}
{fadeinsound: Brain-Sucking-Chair, .1}
{fadeinsound: DIHI High Power, .1}
{fadeinsound: Laptop-Lab, .3}
{fadeinsound: Brain Sucking Chair Activate, .2}
Narrator::
As the lab tech activates the chair, the MC's face goes completely flaccid.
{fadeoutsound: DIHI High Power, 4}
For a torturous amount of time, the face was filled with panic.
{fadeoutsound: Brain-Sucking-Chair, 10}
The eyes slowly close, devoid of any expression. 
It seems almost anti-climatic as the hum of the digitizer just... ceases, the inert body limp on the seat.
As the press look on, cameras rolling, a team of medics with a cryotube slowly enter through the doorway with medical equipment, efficiently prepping the stretcher.
Inside the press room, the silence is palpable. Sharing glances, sipping coffee, and scribbling of notes on pads, as the correspondents wait impatiently for the announcement. 
It feels like several hours to some, but time plays tricks on you when you are focusing. 
It really only takes about 30 seconds. And the lights in the lab room comes back on.
Medics move in and grab the MC's inert body, carefully placing him into the cyrotube, applying sensors to the different sections of his body.
Behind them, lab-techs at the laptops were calling over the Team Leader.
John cannot follow the discussion happening, their lips are not in direct sight, but careful discourse is happening. John smells a scoop.
As they continue the discussion, the medics remove the body, and the doors are shut tight. 
The limp body looks so dead. It unnerves the veteran journalist.
Suddenly, the sound of Cindy pops up in John's earpiece, startling him.
Cindy::
"John? Everything ok? It looked great on this end. What is happening?"
John::
"Standy by Cindy. I think the Lead Lab Supervisor is about to speak."
<i>He continues to observe closely.Something is different.</i>
Narrator::
The Lab Supervisor, Cliff, is leaning over a lab tech's laptop, his back to the room. 
As he asks questions, you could see the tension stiffening his back, then suddenly relax. 
Cliff stands up straight with a confidence, turning to the press window.
Cliff::
"To the denizens of Earth, I can officially announce the successful transfer of MC into the digital realm."
He pauses for affect, making eye contact with the press through the observation window, one by one.
"We have confirmed his thought patterns in server 10. His body is stable and in room temperature stasis in our medical lab." 
"Tests are still being conducted to ensure he is aware of his location and fully cognizant." 
"I pronounce this experiment a resounding success!"
Narrator::
The cacophony of camera shutters, and the flashing of lights erupts as he makes his announcement to the world.
That simple statement brings much excitement, that ripples through the reporters like waves in a pond.
The raising of hands, like a wave themselves, plead for Cliff's attention.  
Cliff points to one young reporter, a lady from another news channel.
Cliff::
"Yes? You there?"
She purses her lips, nervous.
Female Reporter::
"When will we be able to talk to him? Interview him in a digital environment?"
Narrator::
The other news reporters stop whispering. All eyes lock on the Lab Supervisor. 
Cliff blanches a bit.
Cliff::
"Well that is still up in the air. We will be on high alert through this first test."
"Alot of unknowns, and the pressure of dealing with a whole new frontier, will keep MC most likely disorientated. It is crucial we keep him calm and safe. So this first four day test will be private."
Narrator::
The reporters raise their hands even higher, more urgent, as if they were grade school kids again. 
Cliff shakes his head.
Cliff::
"Look we already have warned you that this is a very high risk experiment. We understand the world wants to know more as it develops."
"However, there is a young man's life at stake here, and we want to be as careful as humanly possible. After the conclusion of the first test, and after Mr MC has been cleared of quarantine, we will allow him to speak to the press."
Narrator::
Cliff raises a hand. 
Cliff::
"We won't take any more questions. You will have to wait with the rest of the world ok?"
Narrator::
John feels something wrong as he watches Cliff motion to the lab techs to smoke the window. His fellow journalists just seem disappointed, as they would normally be. Nothing out of the ordinary. No one notices the sweat on Cliff's forehead as the window turns into a solid wall, blocking the truth out......
