{changeScene: Female Domain}
{stopvoices: true}
{colorformat: FemaleMC}
{fadeoutsound: Ears Ringing, 30}
//(audio: Heavy breathing, ringing of the ears.)
{spawnEmpty: MC, Player}
// (Audio: birds chirping and the rustle of wind  through trees)
// (Audio: water trickles and pigeons)
MC::
Full body awareness, cramps and pain. I feel my hackles rise. 
Overwhelming pain assaults my senses.
Pain...
Hard, cold ground.
I blink, and it hurts! My chest feels very heavy. Pins and needles tingle through my entire body. I wiggle my toes. 
Blurry vision, but I can make out a very tall ceiling. Cool air gently caresses my face. Doves and warblers sing their songs outside, the melodies dulcet and calming.
The hollow sounds of the bamboo water fountain travel to my ears. 
Oh my god! Am I actually on the other side? 
//(heartbeat fade)
I still my beating heart.  Wincing, I crane my neck just a bit, I look around. 
// (Gasp)
I gasp, coming to a sudden realization, brazenly grabbing my boobs. I'm smaller? 
"EHHHHHHHHHHH??????????"
It wakes me up. Ignoring the pain, I sit up completely, studying my heaving chest. 
Wait?!
What else has changed?
I feel like an idiot, sitting there reeling in pain, scanning groggily, and impatiently, for any mirror-like surface. 
"There!"
I carefully pull myself to my feet. Feeling like a drunk, I stagger towards the mirror, forcing my feet to wake up.
As I get into view of myself, I explore my face with my fingers, just to verify that it is, in fact, <i>my</i> face.
Long walnut colored hair pools  down past my shoulders. Eyes a dark brown stare back at me. 
Yep my boobs are smaller. My whole body is smaller! I cup one of them gently. 
I feel so lithe. A hopeful smile stretches across my reflection as I hop  a bit on my toes. 
I feel so light!
In spite of myself, I make some funny faces in the mirror, admiring the form of the face. 
This is my current avatar's face. The one I have spent a few years using. It does pose some interesting questions.
According to the dry, but interesting briefings I soaked in at Digital Horizons, this is not the place that was described to me.
I wouldn't forget, no matter how small the details. 
Why? I'm a VTuber myself. This technology will change everything. Naturally, I want to be on the edge of what is possible. Imagine doing streams this way.
That's part of the problem. This is a closed server. I hear birds, feel the breeze. None of this is supposed to be covered in the four day evaluation.
It's meant to be a battery of degradation tests, memory tests, self-awareness tests, among many smaller subtasks. I imagine was going to be a white room with a simple terminal.
Yet, here we are: enjoying the crisp air. This bedroom is exactly what I would want to have...
I'm moving to open the double sliding doors. 
Just a peek. 
The darkly dyed tatami mats feel nice to my bare feet. I barely make a sound.
This cannot be real. It feels so real that it can't be real. 
One step onto the solid ground.
<i>Don't look, just feel.</i>
I'm standing on soft, manicured grass, curling my toes. The dew from the morning still damp on my feet. Judging from the sun's place in the sky, its almost lunchtime.
I take a few more steps into the 'courtyard'. A few more feet...
I turn around, and gasp in astonishment.
Before me, is a medium-sized Japanese Manor, complete with multiple buildings, complete with a full courtyard. A sprawling complex, complete with it's own fish pond. 
The bedroom I was in looks to be the master bedroom, in the old, traditional way of the Japanese: all rooms are seperated, with hallways on the outside perimeter of the home.
The clear sky and bright sunlight brings little warmth. I close the kimono a bit closer around me. 
Japan is cold. This has to be Japan. 
But... How? 
It's in the middle of summer in New York City. I still can't decide whether or not this place <i>is</i> real. Even the scents are more detailed to me, almost like there are not barriers between the mind's perspective and the outside world. 
Interesting idea there. No filter? So things feel more real in the digital world? Noting this for Shibi.
I don't mind flirting a bit with him. He knows I look at him like a good friend, almost like a brother.
Sorry player, totally friend zoned. I can't lose a friendship like that. He's probably pretty worried right now. 
I shade my eyes to gaze up at a deep blue sky. I can't really tell how much time has passed since the chair teleported me here. 
Caution is vital here. The first thing to do is make contact with Shibi. These new developments might be dangerous to me. 
"I can handle this."
That means the computer is my first goal. I did notice a desk in my room. 
//(Audio: Footsteps)
Back inside 'my' room, I quietly tread up to the desk, the laptop familiar.
It's the old beater I have at home!
I've had it for years. Even the dents in the shell are identical. 
It finally quit on me last year. And yet, the screensaver is plugging along happily. I tap the touchpad, and it whirs to life, scanning my face. 
Unlocked.
Wow yeah. It's exactly as I remember it. So this is what brain residual adaptation Shibi was talking about. The brain's trying to make sense of all the things around by altering minor details. 
Gently, I caress the keys.
So many memories tied to this laptop. I started my Vtuber career on this old beast. 
I sit down, checking the internet.
Youbtube pops right up. I frown in spite of myself.
There was not supposed to be access to the internet in this test. 
Simulated Connection maybe? I input the address to the server gateway. 
Blank Screen. 404.
Panic rises. I slam it down.
Looking outside, I sit calmly at the computer desk. F5.
It looks real, all of it. Too real. The bad feelings return. 
//(Audio: Tummy growling noises LOUD)
MC::
"AHHHHHHHHH"
I stand up quickly, so quick my leg gets caught in the chair. 
//(audio: foot slip)
"Oh!"
I slip, and land on my butt. 
I blow my bangs out of my eyes. 
"Really?"
At least I haven't changed much. 
I touch my stomach, a knawing hunger burrowing itself deep into my body. I've never been this hungry. Ever. 
Hungry for what? That's the real question. I'm a brainpattern wrapped up in a program right?  Unless...
Of course! The brain is simply not designed to sit in a program. So many unknowns. This means eating has to be a priority. Who knows what happens if I dont' eat. 
Will I disappear? 
I look at the laptop screen, a pout clearly showing on my face. I can't concentrate like this. 
I want to figure this out, but it will have to wait. 
Food, foood...
Using the table as a prop, I get back to my feet, adjusting my kimono. Does this place even have food? 
Only one way to find out. I'm sure this place has a kitchen... Right? 
I reluctantly look down at the laptop, closing the lid. I notice a basket weaved out of bamboo, with a small purse and keys. 
I've never seen this purse before. 
I don't remember the basket being there when I logged in. 
Well, can't waste time. I should get the food and figure out what next to do. 
"I hope it's tastes good!"
If the kitchen has food I could get back back to work ASAP. Expecting food to be readily available though is kind of being optimistic. 
Maybe, instead, I can leave the manor and see if there are places outside? I can get my food and send a better report to Shibi!
{choice: So, which one?}
{
    Find the Kitchen.
    [
        {changeScript: Female/Denizen/Female Domain Kitchen Safari}
    ]
    Explore outside the Manor.
    [
        {changeScript: Female/Denizen/Female Domain Explore Outside}
    ]
}
If you are reading this, something broke. Please report it to the Devs.




