{changeScene: Female Domain II}
{stopvoices: true}
{colorformat: FemaleMC}
{spawnEmpty: MC, Player}
{spawnEmpty: News Broadcaster, NPC}
{spawnEmpty: News Narrator, NPC}
{spawnEmpty: Cliff, NPC}
//(Audio: Heavy Wind. Fast walking)
MC::
I don't exactly dawdle. That storm is coming fast. 
The hill is steeper than it felt coming down, and I'm dreadfully out of shape. It figures. Even the self image of myself is weak. 
//(Audio: Thunder)
The air coming down the hills in front of the storm is almost frigid, and moving in at a frightening pace.
"I'm about to be pissed on." I mention to no one in particular between breaths. 
Time gels when you are in a hurry. It's a known fact. 
I pick up my speed. 
And in what feels like it takes forever, with a few errant drops of water hitting my face, I arrive in front of my 'home'.
// (Audio: Heaving breath)
I'm wheezing like an old lady! Sweat drips from my face and falls to the road. 
"A shower..." , I breath. "A shower before thinking. And a change of clothes."
Without preamble, I unlock the door and walk in, feeling a second wind as more rain drops pelt my head. 
// (Audio: Gate slams and walking)
//(Change bg: Inner Courtyard)
Oops, didn't mean to slam it. 
Making a beeline for my bedroom, I stop at the door, protected by the sheet of rain that suddenly dumps into the main courtyard. 
// (Audio: Heavy rain. Platform Shoes off)
Absently, I push off my platform sandles. That mats feel nice under my feet. 
Yeah running is not the best idea while wearing those. 
// (Audio: Sighing)
// (change bg: day dark bedroom)
//(Audio: Click)
// (change bg: day light bedroom)
I sigh inwardly, opening the door, searching for a light switch. The storm has eradicated most of the sun's light. The light floods the room. Heading straight for the closet, I snatch a purple and gold kimono.
I slam the closet door. It's my way of dealing with stress. 
We all have our vices right? 
Change of clothes in hand, I snatch the laptop from the desk. Might as well put up in the living room for now. 
// (Audio: Close door, and footsteps )
Four feet from me, the rain is coming down like a river, with the drops splattering on the ground the size of tea cups.  A violent rain. Lightening strikes light up the sky. In a way, it's relaxing, and the cool air meanders gently, brushing my face. 
I can see why the Japanese maintain these styles of home, even in the modern era. 
// (Audio: Close door, and footsteps )
// (Change bg: Living room)
Turning on the light, I put the laptop and backpack on the coffee table. No time. I need a bath. Before I shut the door, I look back. 
Cozy. it would be fun to entertain friends here.
If I actually have groceries instead of vending machine food...
Not even 23, and already a lost cause. I shelve that thought with a finality. 
// (Change bg: outside with heavy rain)
// (Audio: Click)
Rain drums on the roof, I look at the changing room in the doorway. It's made for a family, with six shelves leaning against the outer wall to hang up clothes and towels. 
With a deft twist of my wrist, I close the door, locking it. 
// (Audio: Cloth rustling)
I disrobe, folding the dirty clothes despite myself. I wonder... With half of my clothes off, I peek into the next room. 
"YES!!!"
Right there, along the left wall, sits a combo washer/dryer. Perfect!
I finish undressing, stuffing the clothing into the washer. 
"Soap! Where YE BE???"
//(Audio: shuffling and cabinet doors opening)
There it is!
Scanning instructions while ignoring the fact I can <i>now</i>read japanese, I put in the right amount of detergent and choose the proper cycle.
Naked and proud, I stand tall in front of the washer.
"There we go!"
A bit chilly but... Oh!
Closing the door and locking it, I admire the hotsprings style bath. Wait...
It <i>is</i> an actual hotsprings! It's easily over four bathubs in size, side by side. Wooden panels made of oak and cedar make up the walkway around the hole in the ground. The stonework floor is solid and covered in moisture.
Excitement fills me. I rush to the washing station to soap up and rinse all of the sweat and dirt off. 
As I do, I can't help but feel like I am washing someone else's body. All the curves are different. I have smaller booba, but a more defined rear end. 
"My babies! Where did you go?" , I lament, as I grapple my chest. 
At least I no longer have love handles. 
"I'm anime now! So who cares?!"
//(Audio: Laugh)
// (Audio: Humming to herself)
MC::
With my washing done, I <i>ease</i> into the hot and soothing bath. 
// (Audio: Sighing and the sounds of ripples of water)
The immersion instantly melts all of the soreness out of my body.  There's a whole bench submerged under the water to sit. 
I plant my butt on it, chest deep in warm heaven.
Steam rises slowly, filling my nostrils with the scent of minerals, as I lean back against the rock wall.
"This is something I can totally get behind..." , I murmur.
//(Close eyes)
I realize how tense I was through the day. For just this moment, I let a sense of peace envelope me like a tidal wave. 
The sound of rain beating on the roof counterbeats to the sounds of my breathing, causing a form of harmony. For a few minutes, I just match pace with the patter. 
You can seriously forget you don't have a body here. There is no detail skipped. 
"Do the AI feel the same physical signals I feel now??" <i>Would</i> they not have the sensations of cold and hot, or pain? 
Most AI are no where near sentient beings. They just perform a function, like a tool. The self learning that differentiates an AI's usually there to allow it to grow more efficient.
Do the more complex ones that try to look human actually come with the same functions of pain and sensations? 
"Maybe I can ask one now."
Crazier thought: would an AI teach itself pain to be more human?
Discomfort and pain are a huge part of the human condition. It balances us out. It makes joy and happiness that much more precious.
No human programmer would add discomfort to an AI. That is normally against their vision of a perfect world. These are some of those nagging questions that drove me to volunteer in the first place. 
I may be a Vtuber, but I'm a fan of tech and science first. 
// (Open eyes)
Cracking an eye open, the steam is denser now. I guess when I shut the door it's allowing it to build up.
Like for instance, this bath is soothing aches and pains, and the process is bliss. AI would miss out on these situations if they weren't programmed with pain and discomfort.
They couldn't grow more human beyond that point without it. 
I raise a leg above the water, toes bathing in open air. The cold of the open air contrasts with the warmth of the bath, make this bath that much more enjoyable.
Does Aoi feel these things? She was originally just an AI to help customers on High Speed Rail in Japan about 20 years ago. Since then, she has become her own 'person'.
How do these things color her perspective of the world? 
My toes are sad. I pull them back under the water. 
Real or not, she can't know who I really am. As much as she might be a solid life line for communication to the real world, I can't take that risk. At least not yet. 
Besides, I don't think she would beleive me anyway. It's too crazy! Patience is needed. 
Four days. One is already gone. No contact made. Shibi is very worried, I'm sure of it. And the team's panic would not be far behind.
It's not the end of the world. I feel ok, and I am getting some amazing data. Shirobi won't be taking it well at all.
He's always come off as an older brother to me. So many times he has come to my aid during exam weeks. I don't he has ever been romantically interested in me. 
"I should get out now, I suppose" , I pout. it's been at least 20 or 30 mins.
I need to do some research and get some sleep. It's already a challenge remaining awake. 
Reluctantly, I start my arduous process of withdrawing from the womb of comfort that the water has become.
// (Audio: Sigh)
"Time to Adult..."
Like a bandaid over a wound, I hop out of the water, fast and sharp. 
// (Audio: Water splashes and wet footsteps)
Maybe when things smooth out I will spend more time soaking. Right now though, I don't have the time. I can't quite relax until I get in contact with Shibi and have a plan in place. 
Sadly, I towel myself dry. I wonder if the news would actually have information on this storm? 
//Audio: (Towel dripping)
"Is there even  a channel for news in here?"
How much is <i>real</i> in here not just me projecting? 
And, do others see my perception of things? Are there some things we all share? Can someone's perspective change that shared image? 
// (Audio: Hum of Dryer)
Stepping into the dressing room garbed in only a towel, I carefully wrap my hair in a loose bun of curls. 
The very thought of that premise is disturbing. Theoretically, brainwashing would be something that is easily possible. 
"Could there be a way to block something like that?" , I mumble, lost in thought.
//(Audio: Rustling of clothing)
Shouldering the fresh kimono now that my hair is out of the way, I begin to wrap the warm folds over my body. 
So, I need to start thinking <i>like</i> a program to protect myself? Interesting concept.
// (Audio: Door Opens, sounds of rain pelting gets louder)
I close the door behind me, basking in the inky blackness of a cloudy night. Lightening arcs across the cloud tops, lighting up the night. 
Massive water droplets hit the grounds like mini grenades and splatter. Gusting of the wind waxxing and waning has calmed down now that the storm is over my head. Tropical storm level, at least.
It's still trying to open my Kimono. 
I blush in spite of myself. No one's here. 
"You stupid baka."
// (Audio: footsteps)
// (Audio: door opens living room, Rain sound lessening)
I shut out torrents of rain outside. The living room is nice and warm. 
Ok, I feel refreshed now. Let's get some food and do some internet searching. 
I shoot at  glance at the TV. I wonder if I can get some news on the storm?
Worth a shot. I can listen in while trying to get in contact with Shibi.
// (Audio: Footsteps)
I snatch the backup up and head to the kitchen to remove the old takeout. 
With almost childlike glee, I replace it to fill the fridge with delectable packaged sandwiches and drinks that I aquired at the vending machines. 
A chuckle escapes me.
"Only the finest for mah lady!", as I plop down a hamburg steak sandwich, a bag of corn chips, and a jasmine tea on the table.
Not a bad haul. That vending machine wall really saved me. 
Nodding to myself, I take it all the the kotatsu. Just in case I ensure the drink is far enough away from the laptop. 
It's my lifeline. And I <i>might</i> have a track record.
// Audio: Grabbing remote and click
News Broadcaster::
"The 14th Cyclone has made it to landfall this evening, hammering central Japan. Minor flooding is being reported in some of the outlying regions. Suku and Komoro are in a heavy flood warning throughout the night."
"Trains through the region are cancelled until further notice..."
MC::
I open my laptop, hitting the power button. I <i>am</i> in Japan, at least digitally. As the pc boots up, I continue to watch.
News Broadcaster::
"Isesaki is currently under a severe storm warning until 3am tonight. Everyone is advised to remain at home and lock your doors and windows."
"Localized flooding is being reported throughout the southern district. Now, back to the news!"
MC::
Isesaki? That name sounds familiar.
I purse my lips thoughtfully. Nothing to lose. I get on the browser and go to goggle maps. Show me the money shot!
It works, my laptop tracks down my general location...
I am in Isesaki. North side of the town, towards the farmland.  The bad part? The cyclone is already bearing down on us. 
Is this actually real? Everything feels so real that is actually feels fake to me. 
Swigging my jasmine tea, I navigate to twatter to see if my feed is active. Again, it's working. Excitement and fear leap to the forefront of my thoughts. 
Hopeful, I click on Shirobi's page and hit the dm tab. 
"Shibi! It's me. I'm ok but I am not on the server. I think I'm in the internet. I'm not sure where quite yet, but it's close to twatch. I can't get in contact with Digital Horizon's servers to log in."
My hands stop moving. Fear and panic, from the depths where I left them, tries to rise up. 
"Please Shibi, I'm scared! I don't know what to do! I am safe for now, but unsure how to proceed. Please help!"
// (Audio: Button click)
I hit send. 
Nothing. It doesn't post.
"Wha??!!"
I hit enter again. Text remains in the messaging box. Is twatter broken?
I go to dischordz and try  the same message to Shibi. Control C and V. Enter.
Same thing. Doesn't post. 
What's going on? How does that even work?  I can't send anything? 
"Why? Why doesn't it work?", I mutter to myself. 
// (Audio: Groan)
I lean back against the pillow, staring at the screen. I can watch media, load pages, but can't send anything out. It's almost like I'm allowed to observe, but not react. That train of thought brings apprehension.
Am I blocked by an unknown party? Or, is this a simple side effect of this world? 
It <i>could</i> make sense. I'm a 'program' now. I'm inside instead of outside. Does that mean that normal apps like websites on the browser cannot pinpoint my location, so it breaks the send function? 
"This is hurting my brain! ARGGHHH! Just too much!"
I rub my head with both hands in frustration.
It can't be helped for now. Poor Shibi. I'm not in any danger at the moment, at least. 
I close the lid a bit too hard on the display.
"I'm exhausted. Tommorow is the day I will worry about this. Nothing like a fresh mind to restudy an approach!"
Taking one more sip of my tea, I slide into the warmth of the kotatsu. 
Tommorow...
// (Change of perspective: Narrator)
Narrator::
{if: n-b}
{
    They fade into sleep: a sleep troubled with dreams about pork cutlet sandwiches blocking them from making phone calls. So much has happened. As the night wears on, the rain eventually tapers off to a spring mist. 
}
{if: !n-b}
{
    She fades into sleep: a sleep troubled with dreams about pork cutlet sandwiches blocking her from making phone calls. So much has happened. As the night wears on, the rain eventually tapers off to a spring mist. 
}
Quiet, calm. 
Back in the real world, Shirobi lays on his bed, looking the worse for wear. His ruffled lab coat hangs half off and in disarray as he taps on his cell's screen. A long overdue yawn escapes his lips. 
His pc is on. As you look at the monitor, you see it searching: indexing billions of lines per second. 
Inside the lab, Cliff sits at his desk, taking a long pull from a shotglass. 
He already told his family he's sleeping at the lab again. They are used to it by now. 
Cliff pours over the staff's report, looking defeated, and tired. 
Looking out the window...
Cliff::
"MC, I hope you are taking care of yourself. We are doing everything we can to find you. Please be careful."
Narrator::
No one responds of course...
{changeScript: Female/Denizen/Female Domain First Meeting}

If you are reading this, something broke. Please report it to the Devs.