{changeScene: Female Domain II}
{stopvoices: true}
{colorformat: FemaleMC}
{spawnEmpty: MC, Player}
{spawnEmpty: News Broadcaster, NPC}
{spawnEmpty: Narrator, NPC}
{spawnEmpty: Cliff, NPC}
//Audio: Breathing
MC::
It hits 5pm when I get back to the complex I call my home. 
I was at the train station longer than I expected. 
Meeting Aoi really was fun!
Sweat lightly beading my face, I lean over, breathing a bit hard. 
"That hill... is steeper...than I thought...", I say between gasps.
// Audio: thunder
I'm dreadfully out of shape. Even my self image is weak. 
The chilly air being pushed in didn't help either. It took no time to roll in, sounds of thunder peaking in the distance. 
I feel the air pressure dropping fast. The sky is about to straight up piss on me. 
{if: !n-b}
{
    Still wheezing like an old woman, I watch the sweat from my forehead drip to the ground. 
}
{if: n-b}
{
    Still wheezing like an old person, I watch the sweat from my forehead drip to the ground. 
}
A shower sounds great right now. Before anything, a shower is needed. 
Without preamble, I fumble for my keys and unlock the gate, staggering in exhaustion.
A single drop of water hits my nose.
"No NO NO."
// Audio: gate slam and running steps.
I slam the gate by accident, rushing to get to the cover of the porch that links all the rooms together. 
Straight to the bedroom. I stop right at the doorway, protected by the extended porch. Rain sheets down, like a pissed off waterfall. 
//Audio: Heavy rain sounds.
"Not this time, rain!", I mumble defiantly. 
Absently, I push off my bamboo platforms. The tatami style mats feel so nice under my feet. 
Running with the platform sandles has made my ankles a bit sore. 
Opening the door, I thumb around for the light switch. The cloud cover already turned the remain light into darkness. Light floods the room in a very satisfying way. 
Making a beeline to the closet, I snatch up a purple and gold kimono, and some panties. 
The sandwich bag and laptop make for an awkward package in addition to the clothes. I manage though.
Without hesitation, I close the bedroom door behind me and make the trip towards the inner courtyard. 
Four feet to the right of me, the rain is pelting the ground violently. I can see the lightening light up the clouds in some parts. In a way, it's very relaxing. 
I can see why the Japanese like these style of homes. 
// Audio: Rushed Footsteps, barefoot. 
Which one is the kitchen?
As I open and close doors, searching, I found an armory, an art room, and the bath? 
"Who needs an armory in the 21st century?"
Honestly, it looks more like room for cosplay. Or maybe, it's a family history room? 
Either way. This is the last door. If this door <i>isn't</i> the kitchen...
//Audio:: Door open
// Audio: Light switch click.
The dark space floods with light. Inside is a living room / kitchen combo. 
"Finally!", the word comes out strained. The sweat is drying on me. 
In less than 20 seconds, I drop the sandwiches off in the kitchen, and the laptop on the coffee table in the living room space. 
I'll admit it. It looks very cozy. It might be fun to entertain guests here. 
A shiver interrupts my musing. Yeah. No time. So cold!
// Audio: click
Rain is drumming on the room harder, if that is even possible. I open the door to the 'bathhouse' I found. 
The room is seperated into two parts: A dressing room, and a bath with shower stalls. 
It's not small either. It looks like it was designed for a larger family, with six shelves against the outer walls to place your clothes and towels. 
I close that door, and lock the outer one. 
// Audio: Shivering and disrobing
Still shivering, I disrobe quickly. With only my panties on, I move into the next room with my bundle of sweat. 
"YES!", victory is mine! There, in the corner is a washer/dryer combo with some bamboo shelves above it. Stripping my panties off, the whole armful goes into the washer. 
Educated guess. I look in the shelves, to find some detergent. I ignore the instructions, and toss a capful in. 
// Audio: beeps of a washing machine.
"Hm Hm, there and <i>there.</i>" Hitting start, I hear the cycle begin. 
Now for the bath. 
I step into the large room, closing the door behind me. In front of me is a site I was not expecting. 
Washing the gunk off sitting with a shower head over me on a stool, while drawing the bath sounded like a great idea. But this. This. 
In front of me is a hot springs, steam rising off the water and filling the room with warmth. 
It's the size of four bathtubs side by side, give or take. Soft, wooden panels line the entire hole in the ground to provide a non slip surface. I can see mortar and rock making up the floor of the bath. 
Suddenly excited, I go to the shower chair to clean off all of the sweat I have collected climbing up that hill.  
// Audio: Scrubbing
It doesn't take long. I wash up and scrub my body's important spots while ensuring my hair is clean. 
My body is different. In some spots, extremely so. My boobs are at least a size smaller and more cupped, with a firm, defined rear end. Even the tiny bit of muffin-top fat I had is gone, replaced by a supple belly. 
I chuckle, from shock as well as amusement. 
"I'm anime now biatch."
It would explain why I felt a bit clumsy. My mind must be readjusting to the physical changes? Legs are shorter, arms are thinner. It does make some sense to me. 
Clean, and now alot warmer, I meander to the bath. The steam fills my nostrils with the scents of minerals. 
// Audio: water toe dipping
I put my first foot into the warmth. It's the only way I can describe it. It's not hot enough to burn me. It's just the perfect level of warmth. I immerse myself in the heavenly liquid and sit down on one of the benches lining the edge.
The water forces my muscles to relax. I now know how tense I was today. I lean back, sighing just a bit. 
"I can accept this.", I declare to the lights above me. 
I mean, so much happened. So many novel things with almost no time to really analyze it. 
The sounds of the rain pelting the roof calms me, and I start controlling my breathing to match the waves. 
No thinking, at least for a few minutes. 
You can seriously forget you don't have an actual body here. 
Do the AI feel the same way? Can they feel pain, cold and hot, all the other things that we deem inconvient?
Most AI today are no where near sentient. They are there to provide support for tasks. The self learning is there just to avoid costly maintenance. So what about those AI that are designed to be more human? 
Do the programmers program pain and pleasure, to better match the human equation? 
An even crazier question: would an AI program their <i>own</i> pain?
The balance of pleasure and pain is a part of the human equation. Discomfort drives us. It makes good things even more precious. 
No human would add discomfort unless it was meant as a joke. That is against most programmer's version of a perfect world. 
These are some of the questions that drives me to volunteer anyway. I became a VTuber because of these questions. 
Does Aoi feel pain? I actually forgot she was an AI while chatting with her. Of course, I could be just hoping she was sentient. Aoi Miyuki was created to interact with humans in a polite manner. 
"Why would an AI have a favorite sandwich?" That one. Yeah. Is that programmed, or did she add that herself? 
I'll admit, fangirling was easier to push down <i>because</i> she is an AI. If she were human...
I lean deeper into the water, blowing bubbles. 
Great, now I feel bad. 
I raise a leg above the protection of the water, the chill of the air causing goosebumps on my calf. 
Perspective. According to my leg, it's now cold. Only because it was immersed in hot water. It adjusts it's perspective as it dries. 
I let the poor thing back into the heaven that is the hotspring. Sentient or not, she can't know what I am, or what I represent. As much as I would like to tell her and have her send a communication to Shirobi, it's dangerous. 
"Aoi, guess what? I'm that human that was digitized and instead was sent to twatch! Can you not tell anyone else but Digital Horizons that I am stuck in a server somewhere across the world?" The tone is sarcastic to me. 
For now, I'm safe. Telling an AI will spread the news like wildfire. That much is certain. For now, I can observe, collect data like I was meant to, while trying to establish connections to the real world. 
Four days, with one already coming to a close.  No contact with Shibi, who is right now very worried, with the team's panic not far behind.  I know at least that much is certain. 
Ah poor Shibi. He has been like an older brother to me.  Exam weeks he even expected me to come over to get help. I don't think of him romantically. I'm fairly sure he doesn't either. 
"Hang in there bro. I will get a hold of you. I promise." Shibi don't freak out too much. More worried about his mental health than my own safety at this point. 
It's been about 30 minutes <i>baka.</i> Time to get out. You have things to do.
"Ok. Ok. Getting out...", I moan. 
Reluctance is not a strong enough word. I manage to extract myself from the womb of comfort though. 
// Audio:: Splashing of water
Maybe, when things smooth out, and I know more, I will bask with impunity. For now though, I can't afford the time until I've made contact. Meeting Aoi is pumping me up. 
I grab my towel, and dry my hair, scrubbing a bit too hard. It's <i>cold</i>.
How much of what I observe here is really here? 
Do others see my perspective if I will it hard enough?  Or, do we share one perspective of the world around us?  Can my will change that? 
// Audio: wet barefeet stepping.
I step into the dressing room quickly, discarding the towel into the dirty clothes. The washer is off now. Time to switch! 
The wet sopping clothes go into the dryer.
As I hit the button, I start wrapping up my moist hair into a loose bun of curls, shouldering on my warm kimono. 
So, if the perspective of another person can be forced. That would mean I can be brainwashed?
Disturbing thought. 
Me, thinking like a program being rewritten? Interesting concept. 
// Audio: Sliding door opens, and the rain pelting gets louder.
I close the door behind me, taking in the blackness of the cloudy night.  Pools of light are seen where I left the light on throughout the complex. It was calm, scary, and comforting at the same time. 
Huge water droplets splatter on the ground like mini grenades. A small gust of wind hits me, trying to peel my kimono off. I blush in spite of myself. This storm is almost a typhoon. 
Footsteps to the living room is the only other sound heard over the dim thunder.
"Jeez, it's really coming down!" , I murmur, opening the door. 
The warmth of the living room beckons me. I need to check on the weather. 
Should I assume the TV works? Think they might have information on the current weather? 
It's worth a shot. I can watch while trying to contact Shibi. I haven't given up!
The bag of sandwiches and drinks are where I left them. I grab it and move to the fridge. 
// Audio: Fridge opening
Inside? Old takeout?
"Wait."
Those boxes look very much like my last meal I left in the fridge at home.
Red Flag. 
Yeah throw that shiz away. 
As I replace the trash with the sandwiches, I pick the hamburger steak sandwich, a bag of corn chips, and a green tea. 
"Only the finest for mah lady!" , I joke as I carry my choice to the kotatsu in the living room. 
Placing my food <i>away</i> from my precious laptop, I snuggle under the blankets and grab the remote. 
// Audio: click
News Broadcaster::
"The 14th Cyclone has made it to landfall this evening, hammering central Japan. Minor flooding is being reported in some of the outlying regions. Suku and Komoro are in a heavy flood warning throughout the night."
"Trains through the region are cancelled until further notice..."
//(Audio: Living room audio faded news broadcast.)
MC::
Those places are <i>real</i>. I'm in Japan, at least digitally. 
I open my laptop, the pc booting up automatically. 
News Broadcaster::
"Isesaki is currently under storm warning until 3am. Everyone is advised to remain at home and ride this out. Currently only localized flooding is being reported throughout the lowered district. Now back to the news. One gentlemen found his car floating down the road just this morning in a freak water main burst, along with many others...."
The map...
"Oh shit..."
I don't walk, I run at almost a sprint. A flurry of movement. I hope I didn't spill my tea!
// Audio: fast walking, then running. 
<i>I left my fucking map in my pants!</i>
Fuck!
I don't even notice myself opening the door. I'm just in front of the dryer, ripping the door open and immediately searching for my pants. 
Please Please! Don't be ruined! Ah!
I feel them! As I pull them out of the pocket, the clothes still a bit moist but warm. 
So is the "Map". 
The ticket, however...
No damage.
"You baka! You stupid baka!", I'm crying in frustration. I can't be making mistakes like this!
<i>Calm down</i> Calm. 
I take a breath. 
The map's ink is blotted and spread a bit, but kind of legible? The ticket is like a transparent display, with details popping up. I see a blue dot. Is that my home? 
It seems ok. I take both back with me to the living room. Jeez what an idiot I can sometimes be!
The map won't dry fast in the bathhouse. Too much humidity.
As I make my way back under the blankets, I spread out the mostly ruined map. As I spread it out, I do notice the label of the map.
It's a map of Isesaki. Yes, That is where I am at right now. 
I get comfy under the covers and wake up my laptop. Nothing to lose. 
I click on the allow location on google maps in the browser and wait with baited breath. 
Yep. Isesaki. North side of town, towards the farmlands. The bad part? That cyclone's eye is almost over my location.
At times like these, it's hard to beleive this place isn't real. In fact, it's so real it <i>feels</i> fake. 
// Audio: Chugging
I have tea instead of alcohol. But it's good nonetheless. 
I navigate to twatter to see if my feed is active. Again, it appears to be working as if I'm in my home.  
Excitement and fear leap forward without warning. I find Shirobi's last DM. 
'Shibi, it's me. I'm alive and well, but it appears I'm stuck in the internet. I can't contact the server. I need instructions on how to proceed fam.'
I hit enter. Nothing happens. 
It just... doesn't post. 
"Whaaa??" I hit enter this time, focused on the key itself. Text remains in the message box. HMMM.
I go to my dischordz and ctrl+c my message and try there. 
Same thing. It just won't post. No matter what I try. 
// Audio:: hitting enter over and over.
Interfaces? Could it be that I cannot interact because these interfaces are designed with someone <i>outside</i> of the system to interact? 
I lean back against the plush pillows, glaring at the screen with a pout on my face. I can watch stuff, load pages, but I can't interact directly with it. 
I don't think someone is blocking me. No one knows I'm here. Only the team suspects my location, I would guess. 
I'm sure the interface theory is the key. I need more time to think...
"Arghhh!!" My brain hurts. It's just the first day!
Can't be helped. Poor Shibi. I'm not in any imminent danger. Plus, I already have a plan. Go on Aoi's train and see the twatch server tommorow. 
// Audio: Closing the lid
// Audio: Yawn
I'm exahausted. Tommorow. It's a tommorow problem. A fresh mind.
I chew down my sandwich, lost in thought, mechanically chewing. 
Tommorow...
Narrrator::
{if: !n-b}
{
    She fades into sleep: a sleep troubled with dreams of Aoi trying on bikinis in the middle of a blizzard. So much has happend. As the night wears on, the rain tapers off to a spring mist.
}
{if: n-b}
{
    MC fades quickly into sleep: a sleep troubled with dreams of Aoi trying on bikinis in the middle of a blizzard. So much has happend. As the night wears on, the rain tapers off to a spring mist.
}
Quiet. Calm.
The sound of light snoring. 
Back in the real world, Shirobi lays on his bed, looking the worse for wear. His disheveled lab coat strewn under him, he taps on his cell's screen. A long, overdue yawn escapes his lips. 
The pc is on. As you glance at the monitor, it's searching for something: indexing billions of code per second. 
Inside the lab, Cliff is sitting at his desk, nursing a shot glass. His family already knows he's not coming home tonight. 
Cliff::
"Anything man. Any clues at all. It has to be here!"
He is pouring over the staff's report, looking desperate. His shoulders are slumped. 
"Hang on, MC! We are trying! We won't give up!"
The empty, quiet room doesn't respond...
{changeScript: Female/Denizen/Female Domain Day Trip}

If you are reading this, something broke. Please report it to the Devs.

