{changeScene: Scenes/H Scenes/Prologue/Star Bedroom Male H Scene}
{colorformat: Asterella}
{fadeoutsound: starandszy, 5}
{fadeoutsound: Heartbeat, 2}
{spawnEmpty: MC}
{spawnEmpty: Asterella}
MC:: 
It’s been less than a minute, yet our clothes are no where to be found. 
The stress and fear of the day’s events unleashes into a chaotic flurry of desire. 
Breath comes in impatient pants. 
I thirst for her. 
Szycrotic, the digital realm, the morning's events, all gone, escaping into the corners of my mind. 
Asterella::
“What exactly are you doing? I don’t recall giving you permission to stop?”
MC::
Her breath comes in terse and light gasps. 
The Demonlord of the 69th Circle of Hell straddles my hips, my rigid tool pulsating against the outside of her womb. 
She is naked too, the soft, delicate skin shining lightly in the moonlight. 
The regal authority of lordship leaks from her piercing eyes, yet she remains soft and pliant. 
She is such a complicated person. And so sure of herself…
I retort back.
“Just admiring the view…”
Fear is all but gone. 
With a sudden jolt of aggression, Star begins grinding her groin gently into the base of my shaft. 
I groan despite myself. She is soft, wet, and hungry. 
My johnson twitches a bit with anticipation. 
The chuckle comes, low and guttural. 
Asterella:: 
“Good toy, you know what to do. Stop teasing me already!”
MC::
She is starting to sound frustrated just a touch. 
Should I ? 
Yeah. Why not.
MC:: 
I get lost in the rhythm, the urge to penetrate getting stronger. The glistening juices of her vagina are starting to mix with the light sheen of sweat coating both of us. 
The smell of lavender is strong, and I am melting in it.      
I want more…
The moans of pleasure coming from Star stop me though. 
Asterella is enjoying the tease, her eyes scouring across my body in an almost sultry predatory way. 
I close my eyes to feel HER more. 
The soft, warm skin of our thighs in sync, the light touch of the bottom of her ass cheeks tapping the top of my legs ever so slightly.
I can barely feel her weight, she is so light on top of me. 
“You’re so beautiful.”
It comes out suddenly. Soft, sensual, and sure. 
I hear Asterella gasp between moans. 
Silence. 
Asterella:: 
“I’m…”
MC::
Her body writhes in pleasure, intense waves crashing over her. She moans louder as I feel her legs spasm slightly. 
“Cumming?”
She lightly punches my heaving chest. 
Asterella::
“Fuck you.That was my line.”
MC::
Through ragged breath she laughs and leans forward, her breasts catching my attention.
She starts tracing my chest lines lightly.
Asterella:: 
“I think… I should pay you back for that one.”
Asterella:: 
“Don’t want you thinking YOU’RE in charge or anything.”
MC:: 
The words come out breathless and dripping with a touch of sarcasm. 
I laugh. 
With a practiced motion, she inserts my member inside. The sudden heat and pressure cuts my mirth off instantaneously. 
With  no hesitation, her pace picks up.  
“Oh!” 
Asterella:: 
“Full of yourself human?”
“I think it’s time for you to learn your place.”
MC:: 
Clutching onto her thighs, I hold on. 
She exerts full control. 
I lose myself in the motion, her breasts heaving and bobbing gently with a weighty undulation. 
MC:: 
I clench down on her thighs, returning the favor, my own thrusting increasing as I dig deeper. 
Asterella reacts in a satisfying squeak as she pushes down more aggressively. 
Asterella:: 
“Hardly fair play! Oh!”
MC:: 
“I too, can play that game, my lady.”
It’s not really a battle, but we are shifting control back and forth, trading blows. 
The urge to finish is starting to slowly build up in my groin, but I hold it back. 
This moment needs to last longer. 
I’m no virgin. 
(evil laugh)
MC:: 
Not aware of anything but the heat of her body, and the sounds of her moans of delight. 
My moans are not exactly quiet either. 
I can’t help myself. 
We both lost the fight for dominance. 
MC:: 
I struggle to keep control.
I don’t want this moment to end. 
“I can’t hold it any longer!”
Asterella:: 
“Ah, fuck! Please, come inside!



